Copyright 2019 Eugen Rădulescu

1\. Definitions
--------------

**"License"** shall mean the terms and conditions defined by sections 1
through 12 of this document.

**"Vendor"** shall mean the copyright owner.

**"Source form"** shall mean the preferred form for making
modifications, including but not limited to software source code,
documentation source, and configuration files.

**"Object form"** shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not
limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and
conversions to other media types.

**"Application"** shall mean Synaptic Call Recorder mobile application, whether in Source
form or Object form.

**"User"** shall mean an individual or organization that agrees to make
use of the Application under the terms of this License.

**"Derivative software product"** shall mean any software product,
whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the
Application and for which the editorial revisions, annotations,
elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original
work of authorship.

2\. Preamble
-----------

This License is a legal agreement between the User and the Vendor. The
User agrees that this License is enforceable like any written negotiated
agreement signed by User. This License applies to User's use of the
Application.

3\. Grant of license
-------------------

The Vendor grants to User a non-exclusive, personal, non-transferable
license to use the Application for User's personal non-commercial use
subject to the terms of this License. This License does not grant any
rights to obtaining future upgrades, updates or supplements to the
Application. If upgrades, updates or supplements to the Application are
obtained, however, the use of such upgrades or updates is governed by
this License and the amendments to it unless other terms accompany the
upgrades, updates or supplements in which case those terms apply.

4\. Restrictions
---------------

The User is not allowed to:

-   use the Application commercially (this includes selling or renting
    it)
-   distribute the Application by any means
-   modify the Application

The Source form of the Application cannot constitute the base for any
Derivative software product, except for Derivative software products
authored by the Vendor.

5\. Third Party Software Licenses
--------------------------------

The Application makes use of third party software. Use of some third
party software included in the Application may be subject to other terms
and conditions. The User hereby agrees to the terms and conditions for
such third party software.

6\. Limited Warranty
-------------------

​a) THE User ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE Application HAS NOT BEEN DEVELOPED TO
MEET User's INDIVIDUAL REQUIREMENTS AND THAT IT IS THEREFORE User's
RESPONSIBILITY TO ENSURE THAT THE FACILITIES AND FUNCTIONS OF THE
Application MEET User's REQUIREMENTS. The Vendor DOES NOT AND CANNOT
WARRANT THAT the Application OPERATE ERROR-FREE. THE Vendor DOES NOT
WARRANT THAT THE Application IS CAPABLE OF INTEROPERATING WITH ANY OTHER
SYSTEM, DEVICE OR PRODUCT (E.G. SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE). THE USER SHOULD
BE PARTICULARLY AWARE THAT THERE IS A CONSIDERABLE AMOUNT OF VARIATION
AMONG THE HARDWARE CAPABILITIES OF PHONE DEVICES. AS A CONSEQUENCE, THE
QUALITY OF THE AUDIO RECORDINGS MAY BE DIFFERENT FROM PHONE TO PHONE.
THE User MIGHT HAVE TO ADJUST THE Application'S SETTINGS IN ORDER TO
OBTAIN A SATISFACTORY RESULT. ALSO, THE User SHOULD DO A FAIR AMOUNT OF
EXPERIMENTATION BEFORE RELYING ON THE Application FOR RECORDING
SENSITIVE PHONE CALLS.

​b) TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE Vendor
PROVIDES THE Application “AS IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS”, AND HEREBY
DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED
OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY (IF ANY) IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, DUTIES OR CONDITIONS OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF RELIABILITY OR AVAILABILITY, OF ACCURACY OR
COMPLETENESS OF RESPONSES, OF RESULTS, WITH REGARD TO THE Application,
AND THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT OR OTHER
applications, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, AND RELATED CONTENT THROUGH THE
Application OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE Application.
ALSO, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUIET
POSSESSION, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE Application.

7\. Limitation of Liability
--------------------------

​a) The Vendor shall not be liable (whether in contract, negligence or
anything else) to User or to any third party; (i) for any inability to
use any third party equipment or access data, loss of or corruption to
data, loss of business, loss of profits, loss of revenue and anticipated
savings, business interruption or the like (whether such loss or damage
is direct or indirect); or (ii) for any indirect, incidental,
consequential loss or damage whatsoever, in each case, arising out of
the use of or inability to use the Application even if the Vendor has
been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages.

​b) Notwithstanding any damages that the User might incur for any reason
whatsoever (including, without limitation, all damages referenced herein
and all direct or general damages in contract or anything else), the
entire liability of the Vendor arising from or related to this License
shall be limited to the amount actually paid by User for the
Application.

8\. Informations collected by the Application (Privacy policy)
-------------------------------------------------------------

The User is aware that The Application collects the following
information:

1.  Information obtained through Google Firebase Analytics. This
    information may refer to the geographic location of the User, their
    operating system version, their device model, their pattern of
    interaction with the Application and the installed version of the
    Application. This information is anonymous and is used solely for
    the purpose of improving the Application. This information is not
    shared with third parties and is not used for advertisement
    purposes.

2.  Information obtained by analyzing the logs produced by the
    Application. This information refer to the hardware capabilities of
    the User's device, their operating system version, the installed
    version of the Application, the date and time of the phone calls,
    the type of the call (incoming or outgoing), the phone numbers
    involved in calls, the behavior of the Application while recording
    phone calls. Please keep in mind that unless the User decides to
    send their logs to the developer, the developer has no possibility
    to access the application's logs. The information obtained by
    analyzing the application's logs are used solely for the purpose of
    debugging and improving the Application. This information are not
    shared with third parties and are not used for advertisement
    purposes.

9\. Termination
--------------

Without prejudice to any other rights, the Vendor may immediately
terminate this License if the User fails to comply with any of its terms
and conditions. The provisions of this Agreement, which by their nature
are intended to survive termination, will remain in effect after
termination of this License. The Vendor reserves the right, with or
without notice, to discontinue update, upgrade and supplement services
provided to User or made available to User through the use of the
Application.

10\. Third Party Rights
----------------------

A party which is not a party to this License has no rights under
applicable legislation in relation to the rights of third parties to
rely upon or enforce any term of this License but that does not affect
any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart
from such applicable legislation.

11\. Legal provisions concerning the recording of phone calls
------------------------------------------------------------

By using the Application, the User confirms that the laws that govern
the country where the User currently resides allow for the recording of
phone calls. The Vendor shall not be held liable of any law violation
arising from the failure of the User to comply to this point of License.

12\. Entire Agreement
--------------------

This License (including any addendum or amendment to it which may be
supplied with the Application and any other terms and conditions, if
applicable, is the entire agreement between User and the Vendor relating
to the Application and they supersede all prior or contemporaneous oral
or written communications, proposals and representations with respect to
the Application or any other subject matter covered by this License. To
the extent that the terms of any Vendor policies conflict with the terms
of this License, the terms of this License shall govern. If any
provision of this License is held to be void, invalid, unenforceable or
illegal, the other provisions shall continue in full force and effect.
